faq.md, before:

---
title: FAQs
layout: post

---

###Why do you call yourself a designer? You seem more like an artist.

I grew up watching my mom design, be that textiles [she would knit](https://www.instagram.com/aprioriknits/), graphic design layouts she would arrange, or interiors she would decorate. Being a designer, with a client or pragmatic application in mind, resonates deeply with me, even if some of the stuff I make ends up feeling and acting like art. My brother is also a [successful designer](http://easterncollective.com/), so it runs in the family.
   
   
###What is experience design, exactly?
Experience design is the creation of experiences for the purpose of entertainment, persuasion, recreation, or human enrichment where the emotional journey of an individual or group is the focus. Experience design is a growing field that rethinks how meaning and value are created, often by taking a holistic, human-centered approach to design.
   
   
###So, you're not a performance artist?
Nope. [Performance artists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Performance_art) make aesthetic experiences where, more often than not, they are the instigator, the reason for the work, and the focus of the audience's attention (think: Marina Abramović or David Blaine). If you insist on throwing me in an art bucket, [social practice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_practice_(art)) would be more accurate. I care about the relational, not the performative.
  
  
###What's caught your attention at the moment?

[Death Cafes](http://deathcafe.com/), [the debate over](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/05/30/the-new-activism-of-liberal-arts-colleges) [trigger warnings](http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/09/the-coddling-of-the-american-mind/399356/), [The Creative Independent](https://thecreativeindependent.com/), [Pop-up Magazine](https://www.popupmagazine.com/), [The Mysterious Package Company](https://www.mysteriouspackage.com/), [White Rabbit VR](http://www.whiterabbitstudiosvr.com/), [Chani Nicholas](http://chaninicholas.com/), [A Hero With A Thousand Faces](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hero_with_a_Thousand_Faces)
  
    
###Whatever happened to your game design consultancy Antidote?

Antidote Games is [alive and kicking](http://www.playistheantidote.com/). My co-founders Mohini Dutta and Ben Norskov kept carrying the torch after I moved on. Don't hesitate to [hit them up](mailto:hello@playistheantidote.com) for game design services. 
   
   
###Whatever happened to your experience design practice Sextantworks?

[Sextantworks](http://sextant.works/) closed down in mid-2016 after nearly four wild, busy years. We started out doing projects for fun. Their success outpaced our ability to manage all the oppertunities let alone our own aspirations. Eventually the interests of me and my co-founder N.D. Austin diverged, so we disbanded. Through it all, we assembled a dedicated, unconventional team. I can only dream of working with such an inspiring group of oddball creatives again in the future.  

Many of you have expressed disappointment at Sextantworks closing down. Thank you for the love and appreciation. While it was sad to close up shop, I am deeply gratified applying everything I learned to broader endeavors with an eye toward sustained impact. 

Sextantworks' expedition equipment went with the daring and mysterious N.D.. He's still making magical adventures, so <a href="mailto:imbibe@nightheronspeakeasy.com">reach out to him</a> if you want in.   
   
   
###Is it true that Sextantworks orchestrated a huge secret project in New York Harbor? And in wintry Iceland? Can you tell me more?

Yes, yes, and no.
   
   
###Do you still design adventures?

I've been focused on research and consulting lately, but I am working on few private adventures. 
   
   
###I think the Night Heron is just the coolest. Can you come do a talk about it or make me a hipper than hip marketing thing based on it?

I'm happy to speak about [the Night Heron](http://sextant.works/nightheron) in the context of Sextantworks' practice generally, but I'm more interest in speaking about my [current research](/2016/04/sex-death-survival/). (Organizations like IDEO, Oculus, Kaleidoscope, and littleBits have had me in for talks.) 

If you want a custom bar designed and built, contact <a href="http://dirby.info/">Dirby</a>, the Night Heron's lead craftsman and a regular creative superhero at Sextantworks. I can't recommend his work enough.

If you just want to get in on the Night Heron craze, N.D. is your man. <a href="mailto:imbibe@nightheronspeakeasy.com">Drop him a line</a>.

   
   
###I'm dreaming up this super great project that just needs a killer location. Can you help?

I get location requests all the time, and I'll be completely frank that they bore the hell out of me. If you need location ideas, try [Atlas Obscura](http://www.atlasobscura.com/), or [Scouting New York](http://www.scoutingny.com/) and [Abandoned NYC](https://abandonednyc.com/) for spots in the New York area, or just go walk around with your eyes open.
   
   
###I already have an awesome, unique location. Can you help me figure out what to do with it?

Now you're talking. <a href="mailto:&#105;&#100;&#097;&#064;&#117;&#110;&#099;&#111;&#109;&#109;&#111;&#110;&#112;&#108;&#097;&#099;&#101;&#115;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;">Send me a detailed note</a> about what you have in mind.
   
   
###What else can I hire you for?

My work schedule is spoken for through the beginning of 2018, possibly longer. Before then, I will consider consulting and design projects that are a great fit with a clear, specific scope. I'm always open to giving a talk or teaching. <a href="mailto:&#105;&#100;&#097;&#064;&#117;&#110;&#099;&#111;&#109;&#109;&#111;&#110;&#112;&#108;&#097;&#099;&#101;&#115;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;">Just get in touch.</a>
   
   
###How can I help with your current work?

What I really need is more [invitations to funerals](/2016/04/sex-death-survival/).

Commit message:

copy error on about, added mind/body/consciousness to faq

faq.md, after:

---
title: FAQs
layout: post

---

###Why do you call yourself a designer? You seem more like an artist.

I grew up watching my mom design, be that textiles [she would knit](https://www.instagram.com/aprioriknits/), graphic design layouts she would arrange, or interiors she would decorate. Being a designer, with a client or pragmatic application in mind, resonates deeply with me, even if some of the stuff I make ends up feeling and acting like art. My brother is also a [successful designer](http://easterncollective.com/), so it runs in the family.
   
   
###What is experience design, exactly?
Experience design is the creation of experiences for the purpose of entertainment, persuasion, recreation, or human enrichment where the emotional journey of an individual or group is the focus. Experience design is a growing field that rethinks how meaning and value are created, often by taking a holistic, human-centered approach to design.
   
   
###So, you're not a performance artist?
Nope. [Performance artists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Performance_art) make aesthetic experiences where, more often than not, they are the instigator, the reason for the work, and the focus of the audience's attention (think: Marina Abramović or David Blaine). If you insist on throwing me in an art bucket, [social practice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_practice_(art)) would be more accurate. I care about the relational, not the performative.
  
  
###What's caught your attention at the moment?

[Death Cafes](http://deathcafe.com/), [the debate over](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/05/30/the-new-activism-of-liberal-arts-colleges) [trigger warnings](http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/09/the-coddling-of-the-american-mind/399356/), [new research into the relationship](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2015/02/09/trip-treatment) [between the body and consciousness](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/12/magazine/what-if-ptsd-is-more-physical-than-psychological.html?_r=0), [The Creative Independent](https://thecreativeindependent.com/), [Pop-up Magazine](https://www.popupmagazine.com/), [The Mysterious Package Company](https://www.mysteriouspackage.com/), [White Rabbit VR](http://www.whiterabbitstudiosvr.com/), [Chani Nicholas](http://chaninicholas.com/), [A Hero With A Thousand Faces](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hero_with_a_Thousand_Faces)
  
    
###Whatever happened to your game design consultancy Antidote?

Antidote Games is [alive and kicking](http://www.playistheantidote.com/). My co-founders Mohini Dutta and Ben Norskov kept carrying the torch after I moved on. Don't hesitate to [hit them up](mailto:hello@playistheantidote.com) for game design services. 
   
   
###Whatever happened to your experience design practice Sextantworks?

[Sextantworks](http://sextant.works/) closed down in mid-2016 after nearly four wild, busy years. We started out doing projects for fun. Their success outpaced our ability to manage all the oppertunities let alone our own aspirations. Eventually the interests of me and my co-founder N.D. Austin diverged, so we disbanded. Through it all, we assembled a dedicated, unconventional team. I can only dream of working with such an inspiring group of oddball creatives again in the future.  

Many of you have expressed disappointment at Sextantworks closing down. Thank you for the love and appreciation. While it was sad to close up shop, I am deeply gratified applying everything I learned to broader endeavors with an eye toward sustained impact. 

Sextantworks' expedition equipment went with the daring and mysterious N.D.. He's still making magical adventures, so <a href="mailto:imbibe@nightheronspeakeasy.com">reach out to him</a> if you want in.   
   
   
###Is it true that Sextantworks orchestrated a huge secret project in New York Harbor? And in wintry Iceland? Can you tell me more?

Yes, yes, and no.
   
   
###Do you still design adventures?

I've been focused on research and consulting lately, but I am working on few private adventures. 
   
   
###I think the Night Heron is just the coolest. Can you come do a talk about it or make me a hipper than hip marketing thing based on it?

I'm happy to speak about [the Night Heron](http://sextant.works/nightheron) in the context of Sextantworks' practice generally, but I'm more interest in speaking about my [current research](/2016/04/sex-death-survival/). (Organizations like IDEO, Oculus, Kaleidoscope, and littleBits have had me in for talks.) 

If you want a custom bar designed and built, contact <a href="http://dirby.info/">Dirby</a>, the Night Heron's lead craftsman and a regular creative superhero at Sextantworks. I can't recommend his work enough.

If you just want to get in on the Night Heron craze, N.D. is your man. <a href="mailto:imbibe@nightheronspeakeasy.com">Drop him a line</a>.

   
   
###I'm dreaming up this super great project that just needs a killer location. Can you help?

I get location requests all the time, and I'll be completely frank that they bore the hell out of me. If you need location ideas, try [Atlas Obscura](http://www.atlasobscura.com/), or [Scouting New York](http://www.scoutingny.com/) and [Abandoned NYC](https://abandonednyc.com/) for spots in the New York area, or just go walk around with your eyes open.
   
   
###I already have an awesome, unique location. Can you help me figure out what to do with it?

Now you're talking. <a href="mailto:&#105;&#100;&#097;&#064;&#117;&#110;&#099;&#111;&#109;&#109;&#111;&#110;&#112;&#108;&#097;&#099;&#101;&#115;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;">Send me a detailed note</a> about what you have in mind.
   
   
###What else can I hire you for?

My work schedule is spoken for through the beginning of 2018, possibly longer. Before then, I will consider consulting and design projects that are a great fit with a clear, specific scope. I'm always open to giving a talk or teaching. <a href="mailto:&#105;&#100;&#097;&#064;&#117;&#110;&#099;&#111;&#109;&#109;&#111;&#110;&#112;&#108;&#097;&#099;&#101;&#115;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;">Just get in touch.</a>
   
   
###How can I help with your current work?

What I really need is more [invitations to funerals](/2016/04/sex-death-survival/).
